release 2024-03-18 (#1751)
tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle: CHANGELOG.md

# TigerBeetle Changelog

## 2024-03-18

### Safety And Performance

- [#1660](https://github.com/tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle/pull/1660)

>   Implement compaction pacing: traditionally LSM data bases run compaction on a background thread.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Implement compaction pacing: traditionally LSM databases run compaction on a background thread.
```
